This repo is for a Discord bot that acts as the gamemaster for Town of Salem games. As such, make sure you have an understanding of how that game works, as that will be vital for working on this project.

Players create/join a game in a server the bot is in, then they DM the bot their targets each night (thus keeping them secret), the bot then keeps track of what interaction happened (based on the priority each role has in the queue), and then when the night ends, the bot lists all the interactions that happened. Or this is hos it's supposed to run in theory - in reality, I wrote this code a long time ago so it might not work with Discord's current API, it's probably very inefficiently-written, and I never totally finished it.

I want you to take over where I left off by making sure it's wired up to the most recent version of the Discord API, refreshing the codebase so it's lean and mean, and finishing whatever holes/gaps in the gameplay loop haven't been finished (if I remember correctly, I don't think I ever got the night end working, or the game ending). Here's a brief overview of the properties attached to each role, so you know how they're supposed to function in the larger context of the game:

`txt` - A short description of the role. This is useful if a user needs to ask how their role works, or how someone else's does.
`priority` - This is the priority in the queue that this role takes (this should be changed to an int not a string). For example, the Jailor is always going to perform his action second (behind the Investigator only); thus if he locks up the Mafioso who has a lower priority, he won't be able to perform his killing role.
`abilities` - An object of all abilities the role can perform. Each ability should list its uses, as well as the message sent to the targeted user. Each ability should probably be changed from an array to its own object literal, to make things more clear.
`immunity` - Each type of immunity the role either does or does not have. `night` = mafia kill (should be renamed to `mafia`), `bite` = vampire bite (a role which doesn't yet exist in the roster), `detect` = user can be detected as their role by someone like the Investigator, and `roleBlock` = user can't perform any of their role's actions. These are very important to be taken into account when determining how things have played out at the end of the night.
`wins` - Which team the role wins with. This is either 'town', 'mafia', or 'neutral' (roles that are solo and have special win conditions - we'll worry about more of these later).
`canTargetSelf` - Whether the role can target themselves. This may be useful in cases like the Doctor, who can target themselves for healing.
`canSleep` - Whether the role can "sleep", i.e. skip their action on a night; roles like the Mafioso for example cannot, and must always perform whatever kill is given to them by the Godfather.
`actsPerNight` - Whether the role can perform more than one action in a single night. In cases where the role can, the bot should make sure to indicate this option to the user (although taking multiple actions is never required).